
12. Módosítsuk file_a tartalmát. Írjuk bele, hogy mit kéne beleírni a .gitignore-ba, hogy az összes .txt típusú fájlt hagyja figyelmen kívül a Git.

	*.txt


What is Git?

	Git is a free and open source distributed Version Control System 
	designed to handle everything from small to very large projects 
	with speed and efficiency.


What is a Version Control System?
	Version control, also known as source control, is the practice of tracking 
	and managing changes to software code. Version control systems are software tools 
	that help software teams manage changes to source code over time. 
	As development environments have accelerated, version control systems 
	help software teams work faster and smarter. They are especially useful 
	for DevOps teams since they help them to reduce development time and increase successful deployments.

	Version control software keeps track of every modification to the code in a special kind of database. 
	If a mistake is made, developers can turn back the clock and compare earlier versions of the code 
	to help fix the mistake while minimizing disruption to all team members.

	Version control protects source code from both catastrophe and the casual degradation of human error and unintended consequences.
	Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting



Advantages Distributed Version Control:

	- Coordinates work between multiple developers
	- Who made what changes and when
	- Revert back at any time
	- Local & remote repos


Other systems (CVS, Subversion, Perforce, Bazaar, and so on) think of the 
information they store as a set of files and the changes made to each file 
over time (this is commonly described as delta-based version control).

Git doesn’t think of or store its data this way. Instead, Git thinks of its 
data more like a series of snapshots of a miniature filesystem. 
With Git, every time you commit, or save the state of your project, 
Git basically takes a picture of what all your files look like at that 
moment and stores a reference to that snapshot. To be efficient, if files 
have not changed, Git doesn’t store the file again, just a link to the previous 
identical file it has already stored. 
Git thinks about its data more like a stream of snapshots.


